Songs about Dustin Hoffman
Published on November 06, 2005.
So I got my iTunes $10 gift certificate from Blingo.com the other day, and I finally used it to buy some music.
I was gonna buy a iTunes exclusive TMBG album, but then I decided on getting some albums from that band, Of Montreal , that I blogged about earlier .
The albums I got are “Early Four Track Recordings” and “Aldhils Arboretum.”
They were both only $4.49 each!
The former has some interesting track titles.
Here they are:
Dirty Dustin Hoffman Needs A Bath
Dustin Hoffman Gets A Bath
Dustin Hoffman Thinks About Eating Soap
Dustin Hoffman Scrubs Too Hard And Loses Soap
Dustin Hoffman Does Not Resist Temptation To Eat The Bathtub
Dustin Hoffman’s Wife Comes Home
Dustin Hoffman’s Wife Seems Suspicious About The Absent Tub
Dustin Hoffman Feigns Ignorance Of Missing Bathtub
Dustin Hoffman’s Wife Calls In Detective To Dust For Porcelain Particles On Dustin Hoffman’s Tongue
Dustin Hoffman’s Tongue Taken To Police Lab Where It Is Used As Toilet Paper and Reading Material While On The Toilet
Dustin Hoffman Offers Lame Possible Explanation For Missing Bathtub
Dustin Hoffman’s Wife Makes A Sarcastic Remark, Cuts The Head Off A Duck, Places It Where The Tub Was and Begins To Growl
Dustin Hoffman Becomes Indignant And Wets Himself
Dustin Hoffman Quits Bathroom And Climbs A Tree
Dustin Hoffman’s Children Enter The Bathroom
Dustin Hoffman’s Children Don’t Enter The Bathroom
Seriously, how could I make this shit up even if I wanted to!?
Unfortunately (or maybe fortunately), the songs’ contents don’t really have anything to do with Dustin Hoffman .
Even so, the songs are pretty cool, and I dig em, so I’m pretty happy with my “purchase.”
You should check em out if you’re weird and/or you like weird ass music.